Hi, people, look, just cut a tree.
I found your son to abandon me.
Dinho looks at all battered roots are
all the dried leaves are broken
I do not even know what kind I do not even know
species orchids
If anyone knows, you can put it there.
video comment
Look, I'm just going to sing it on that one.
process that I explained to you as
she was in the tree that is going to happen
if I put in any attitude
any substrate may be any one
and bury these roots that are already
dry our roots they will rot
So it's going to be a chance for me to have
success with her time then what I go
do as she was in the same dirty water
process
I got this piece of clean coal.
was burned right into the bag.
charcoal and left it stored and an hour goes
a bad day to plant on it
he burned but not totally burned
also looks like one to one
I'll get her learned a sealing
people for what?
it's like she's still on the good tree
first day here will stay with said
she kept at it and I'll do
I'm going to get this little boot in
of emptiness and when you already know that I
I'm the fan of coal.
Let's go to safety.
people who will happen to the roots and
15 are here will continue sequinhas right
and as she was developing
letting go raissa israel do not arrest
in this trunk and pass through a coal
that way she's already well
mistreating dinha that way I think
her recovery will be much better
Oh people, I do not like it, I told you
stay in the bar
Now just pray, listen to the noise of the
neighbor
now it's just the bar put it in water
and wait for her recovery.
looks noise there is this so we
I wanted to show you how chez
chance to recover better
It was people I'm going to show you here.
inside that I showed a video
in another video his development
as always you who was dropping
bud
is the size of the bud already a little time and
the roots are already getting there in the coal
Are you going to see if she's okay?
by arriving on coal and a
surprise people what I thought it was
which was new leaves is a fury tassel
I was very happy she will see
all that I told you that
this process of putting up there is a
15 months is the substrate is well
best
So you guys see, this is it.
there that show you to share with
you if you like then joinha there
subscribe to my channel bye h bye